#88 AdnSkin multi-target support documentation (#92)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/skin.md

### How To Use

The AdnSkin deformer is of great simplicity to set up and apply to a mesh within a Maya scene. The way this deformer works is by applying simulation on top of the skin mesh (simulated mesh) which will be directly coupled to its target meshes (with deformation over time).

To create an AdnSkin deformer within a Maya scene, the following inputs must be provided:

>   - **Targets (T)**: List of meshes to drive the simulation skin (e.g. fascia or muscles).

Author: Added.

  - **Skin Mesh (S)**: Mesh to apply the deformer onto.

> [!NOTE]

> > It is required to select at least one target on creation of the AdnSkin deformer. More targets can be added and removed after creating the deformer. For more information check the advance [section](#targets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is required to select at least one target on creation of the AdnSkin deformer. More targets can be added and removed after creating the deformer. For more information check the advanced [section](#targets).
```

Author: Done.

> > It is required to select at least one target on creation of the AdnSkin deformer. More targets can be added and removed after creating the deformer. For more information check the advanced [section](#targets).

Author: I have modified this note by replicating what the same note says on the AdnMuscle page.

> > It is not mandatory to select the targets on creation of the AdnSkin deformer, Targets can be added and removed after creating the deformer. For more information check the advanced [section](#targets).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It is not mandatory to select the targets on creation of the AdnSkin deformer. Targets can be added and removed after creating the deformer. For more information, please check the advanced [section](#targets).
```

Author: Applied.

The process to create an AdnSkin deformer is:

> 1. Select the **Targets** (or add them later), then the **Skin Mesh**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Targets** (optional, they can be added later), then the **Skin Mesh**.
```

Author: Done. Added this suggestion in "A Simple Setup" page where I also wrote "or add them later"

### Connectable Attributes
| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Attenuation Matrix**  | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | Transformation matrix to drive the attenuation. |
| **Reference Mesh**      | Mesh   |          | ✓ | Mesh taken as reference to evaluate external constraints. |
| **Reference Matrix**    | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | Reference world matrix to evaluate external constraints. |
| **Target World Mesh**   | Mesh   |          | ✓ | List of geometry meshes (from a compound attribute) used to evaluate external constraints. |
| **Target World Matrix** | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | List of geometry matrices (from a compound attribute) used to evaluate external constraints. |

> [!NOTE]

> > Multiple targets are supported thanks to the *Targets* array plug. It is recommended to use *Target World Mesh* and *Target World Matrix* instead of *Reference Mesh* and *Reference Matrix*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Multiple targets are supported thanks to the *Targets* array plug.
> It is recommended to use *Targets* array independently of having one or more target meshes.
> The plugs *Reference Mesh* and *Reference Matrix* can also be used although it is not recommended.
```

Author: Applied.

 - **Slide Constraints**: For each vertex, a line will be drawn from the simulated mesh vertex to the corresponding point on the target mesh if its *Slide Constraints* weight is greater than 0.0.s
 - **Sliding Surface On Target**: For each vertex, lines will outline the target triangles within the reach of its *Max Sliding Distance*.
 - **Soft Constraints**: For each vertex, a line will be drawn from the simulated mesh vertex to the corresponding point on the target mesh if its *Soft Constraints* weight is greater than 0.0.

<figure markdown>
  ![skin editor debug example](images/skin_debug.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 5</b>: In gray the target mesh, in orange the simulated skin. Debugger enabled displaying a test example with <i>Soft Constraints</i> coloured in green.</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure markdown>
  ![skin editor sliding surface debug](images/skin_debug_slide_surface.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 6</b>: In gray the target mesh, in red the simulated skin. Debugger enabled displaying the <i>Sliding Surface</i> coloured in green.</figcaption>
</figure>

## Advanced

### Targets

> Once the AdnSkin deformer is created by providing at least one target geometry, it is possible to add and remove new targets to the system.

Author: Sounds good, it has been already mentioned before. Applied your suggestion.

</figure>

## Advanced

### Targets

Once the AdnSkin deformer is created, it is possible to add and remove new targets to the system.

- **Add targets**:
    1. Select one or more mesh nodes to be assigned as targets to the AdnSkin.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnSkin deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Add Targets](images/adn_add_skin_targets.png){style="width:4%"} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Add Targets* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Skin submenu.
- **Remove targets**:
    1. Select one or more mesh nodes that are assigned as targets to the AdnSkin.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnSkin deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Remove Targets](images/adn_remove_skin_targets.png){style="width:4%"} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Remove Targets* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Skin submenu.
    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnSkin deformer is selected, when pressing the ![Remove Targets](images/adn_remove_skin_targets.png){style="width:4%"} button, all targets will be removed.

<figure markdown>
  ![skin adding multiple targets](images/skin_add_multiple_targets.png)

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 7</b>: Addition of multiple targets.</figcaption>

Reviewer: I would suggest to clarify the use case that we are showing in the screenshot. 

```suggestion
  <figcaption><b>Figure 7</b>: Addition of multiple targets (Eg. Adding multiple muscle targets to a fascia/fat/skin simulation).</figcaption>
```

Author: Done.
